---
layout: post
title: Happy 2016
categories: [blog]
published: true
sitemap:
  lastmod: 2016-01-01
  priority: 0.7
  changefreq: 'monthly'
  exclude: 'no'
---

Welcome to 2016!

I am already more than 16 hours into the new year (16.29) here in the first country to see the new year, <i>The Land of the Long White Cloud</i> (Aotearoa New Zealand). Today, I have been continuing my efforts over the last few days of considering what sort of future I want for myself. I have been in counselling, education, Information Technology and a few other fields. I am at a bit of a crossroads and I am trying to decide the direction of my career.

Information Technology pays well and it is great - when I can be creative. As I approach 50, however, I cannot honestly consider the possibility of staying up half the night, coding, for the rest of my professional life. My eyes are not what they were at 30 and it is not realistic to imagine that I could hold out another 20 years programming. 

This leaves my other two loves of teaching and counselling. The "perfect" career path would see me combining both - and it may do just that. So, as I consider this future, I realise that I need to return to my counselling efforts - which ended with the Christchurch earthquakes. Over the next few months, I will be exploring opportunities and reporting some of what I find via this website.

Looking forward to sharing with you!

Wishing you a happy 2016! May it bring you happiness, peace and opportunities to enrich the lives of others.
